you
what's up everyone are you guys missing
a halfling
I'm going to show you how to catch it
right here right now let's go first
thing you gotta do is find some friends
to run with dance for a bit and then go
into storm style brewery
now when you walk in go talk to aunty
storm stove good over you too busy told
Angie stone stout oh no problem aunty
now you Bai Ling Tings favorite tea from
aunty the top left item tell me what has
happened when you consume Ling Tings tea
you'll be able to see the 30 golden hop
llings when you hit control V you'll see
a green bar above these golden hobbling
you must collect all 30 of them to get
the companion and achievement we just
made one person collect all 30 of them
to keep it simple when you hit control V
you can see those bars over each of the
hop llings heads yes yes so close just
move we were close but we missed too so
we had to go back it's the hop llings
with the green health bar above them
when you hit control V they're very easy
to find there in corners you may miss
some just keep looking okay so we got
our achievement Ling Tings t buf wears
off every five minutes so don't forget
to buy more than one and check your buff
because if you don't have the buff you
won't see the hop links it doesn't show
up with your pets right away you have to
get to a mailbox which I conveniently
have and it's in there grats to us and
grats to you I hope this video helped
you to get a hobbling thank you for
watching please like and subscribe take
care
yes yes so close just pinch it move
you